reference/index.md, before:

# Package index

## All functions

- [`ecis_import()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/ecis_import.md)
  : Import all ECIS values, a child of ecis_import_raw and
  ecis_import_model
- [`growth.df`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/growth.df.md)
  : Vascr growth data
- [`%>%`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/re-exports.md)
  [`tribble`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/re-exports.md)
  [`glue`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/re-exports.md)
  : re-export magrittr pipe operator
- [`vascr_add_vline()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_add_vline.md)
  : Add a vertical line to a vascr line plot
- [`vascr_apply_map()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_apply_map.md)
  : Apply a map to a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_combine()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_combine.md)
  : Combine ECIS data frames end to end
- [`vascr_dunnett()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_dunnett.md)
  : Run ANOVA and Dunnett's comparisons on a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_edit_name()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_edit_name.md)
  : Edit a sample name in a vascr dataframe
- [`vascr_edit_sample()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_edit_sample.md)
  : Rename a sample in a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_exclude()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_exclude.md)
  : Exclude samples from a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_explode()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_explode.md)
  : Separate names in a vascr data frame
- [`vascr_export_prism()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_export_prism.md)
  : Export a vascr dataframe
- [`vascr_find()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_find.md)
  : Find vascr variables
- [`vascr_find_metadata()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_find_metadata.md)
  : Print out the characteristics of the vascr data frame
- [`vascr_implode()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_implode.md)
  : Implode individual samples from a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_import()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_import.md)
  : Import an impedance datafile to vascr
- [`vascr_load()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_load.md)
  : Load a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_normalise()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_normalise.md)
  : Normalize ECIS data to a single time point
- [`vascr_plot_anova()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_plot_anova.md)
  : Make a display with all the ANOVA analysis pre-conducted
- [`vascr_plot_grid()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_plot_grid.md)
  : Plot out each replicate well in a grid, with QC overlays
- [`vascr_plot_line()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_plot_line.md)
  : Plot a line graph with vascr
- [`vascr_plot_line_dunnett()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_plot_line_dunnett.md)
  : Create a line plot with Dunnett's statistics
- [`vascr_plot_resample()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_plot_resample.md)
  : Plot the data re sampling process
- [`vascr_resample_time()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_resample_time.md)
  : Resample a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_samples()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_samples.md)
  : List out the samples currently in a vascr data set
- [`vascr_save()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_save.md)
  : Save a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_shiny()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_shiny.md)
  : Launch the vascr UI
- [`vascr_subset()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_subset.md)
  : Subset a vascr data set based on a number of factors
- [`vascr_summarise()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_summarise.md)
  : Summarise a vascr data set down to a particular level
- [`vascr_zero_time()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_zero_time.md)
  : Set a particular time point as 0 in a vascr dataset

Commit message:

Deploying to gh-pages from @ JamesHucklesby/vascr@6e263f96680e65cb7b9c898bc2d86d58da65c457 🚀

reference/index.md, after:

# Package index

## All functions

- [`ecis_import()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/ecis_import.md)
  : Import all ECIS values, a child of ecis_import_raw and
  ecis_import_model
- [`growth.df`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/growth.df.md)
  : Vascr growth data
- [`%>%`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/re-exports.md)
  [`tribble`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/re-exports.md)
  [`glue`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/re-exports.md)
  : re-export magrittr pipe operator
- [`vascr_add_vline()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_add_vline.md)
  : Add a vertical line to a vascr line plot
- [`vascr_apply_map()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_apply_map.md)
  : Apply a map to a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_combine()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_combine.md)
  : Combine ECIS data frames end to end
- [`vascr_dunnett()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_dunnett.md)
  : Run ANOVA and Dunnett's comparisons on a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_edit_name()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_edit_name.md)
  : Edit a sample name in a vascr dataframe
- [`vascr_edit_sample()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_edit_sample.md)
  : Rename a sample in a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_exclude()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_exclude.md)
  : Exclude samples from a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_explode()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_explode.md)
  : Separate names in a vascr data frame
- [`vascr_export_prism()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_export_prism.md)
  : Export a vascr dataframe
- [`vascr_find()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_find.md)
  : Find vascr variables
- [`vascr_find_level()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_find_level.md)
  : Check the level of a vascr data frame
- [`vascr_find_metadata()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_find_metadata.md)
  : Print out the characteristics of the vascr data frame
- [`vascr_implode()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_implode.md)
  : Implode individual samples from a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_import()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_import.md)
  : Import an impedance datafile to vascr
- [`vascr_load()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_load.md)
  : Load a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_normalise()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_normalise.md)
  : Normalize ECIS data to a single time point
- [`vascr_plot_anova()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_plot_anova.md)
  : Make a display with all the ANOVA analysis pre-conducted
- [`vascr_plot_grid()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_plot_grid.md)
  : Plot out each replicate well in a grid, with QC overlays
- [`vascr_plot_line()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_plot_line.md)
  : Plot a line graph with vascr
- [`vascr_plot_line_dunnett()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_plot_line_dunnett.md)
  : Create a line plot with Dunnett's statistics
- [`vascr_plot_resample()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_plot_resample.md)
  : Plot the data re sampling process
- [`vascr_resample_time()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_resample_time.md)
  : Resample a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_samples()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_samples.md)
  : List out the samples currently in a vascr data set
- [`vascr_save()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_save.md)
  : Save a vascr dataset
- [`vascr_shiny()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_shiny.md)
  : Launch the vascr UI
- [`vascr_subset()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_subset.md)
  : Subset a vascr data set based on a number of factors
- [`vascr_summarise()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_summarise.md)
  : Summarise a vascr data set down to a particular level
- [`vascr_zero_time()`](https://jameshucklesby.github.io/vascr/reference/vascr_zero_time.md)
  : Set a particular time point as 0 in a vascr dataset
